Q1. Design a webpage to describe your university. The webpage should have properly aligned paragraphs to show textual information and images wherever required.

Q2. Create your own timetable using HTML & CSS which should display classes.

Q3. Create a webpage that should have a menu to show different tourist places in dehradun and use different background and foreground colors along with more such properties.

Q4. HTML forms using different form elements
    1. Create a login page using different form elements
    2. Create a HTML form for a student for course registeration which should have following fields
        Student Name (textbox)
        Age (textbox with numbers only)
        DOB (Calender)
        Course (Dropdown)
        Submit (Button)
    3. Form for selecting sports in your university, form should have fields like name, password, address, select game, gender, Age.

Q5. Use of inline internal and external style sheets, and incorporating styles in html document -
    1. Use inline style sheets and Create a webpage
    2. Create a css based sticky footer.
    3. Using HTML and CSS Create a custom hover and focus effect for navigation items using CSS transformations.
    4. Using HTML and CSS Create a zoom in and out effect / animation.

Q6. Responsive design with Media Queries -
    1. Add a CSS Media Query and appropriate styles so that the web page looks similar even when resized to smaller widths.
        the sidebar should be hidden.
        body should have no padding.
        images should not exceed width of window.
        navigation items should be on their own line.
        header should be fixes so that it is placed at the top after scrolling.

Q7. Client Side Programing using Java Script, use of control statements
    1. Write a JS Programme that displays the largest integer among 3 integers.
    2. Write a JS Function that accepts a string as a parameter & convert first letter of each word to upper case.
    3. Write a JS to create a simple calculator.
    4. Write a JS Program to find longest word of a string entered by the user.
    5. Write a JS Program to find odd numbers and sum from 1 to 100.
    6. Write a JS Program to generate a random string.
    7. Write a JS Program to print prime numbers and their sum in a given interval.
    8. Write a JS Program to populate a Dropdown box from 1 to 100.

Q8. JS Event Handling and Functions
    1. Write a JS Program to generate a random number and display it in a textbox.
    2. Write a JS Function that changes background color of an element on a particular event. (ontouch, hover, onclick etc.)
    3. Write a JS to validate course registeration form. (Try using Angular JS)
    4. Write a JS Program that adds key down event listner to a text input to detect when the enter key is pressed.
    5. Write a JS Program to show the use of alert, prompt & confirm dialogue boxes.
    6. Write a JS Function to extract specified number of characters from a string.
    7. Write a JS Function to accept DOB for a user and calculate the difference till current date.